docs: improve merge confidence api base url variable doc (#28532)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/self-hosted-experimental.md

## `RENOVATE_X_MERGE_CONFIDENCE_API_BASE_URL`

If set, Renovate will query this API for Merge Confidence data.

> If you use Mend Renovate Enterprise and:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Mend Renovate Enterprise Edition (Renovate EE) and:
```

I think `Mend Renovate Enterprise Edition` is the preferred branding of the paid offering? It's what they use on [the Mend.io site, Mend Renovate Enterprise Edition page](https://www.mend.io/renovate-enterprise/).

Also, here's a quote from the [Renovate docs, running Renovate](https://docs.renovatebot.com/getting-started/running/#mend-renovate-community-edition-enterprise-edition):

> Mend Renovate Community Edition (Renovate CE) and Enterprise Edition (Renovate EE) are closed-source offerings of Renovate for self-hosted users.

Author: Nice clarification!

- have a static merge confidence token that you set via `MEND_RNV_MC_TOKEN`
- _or_ set `MEND_RNV_MC_TOKEN` to `auto`

Then you must set this variable at the _server_ and the _workers_.

But if you have specified the token as a [`matchConfidence`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#matchconfidence) `hostRule`, you only need to set this variable at the _workers_.

> This feature is in private beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This feature is in private beta.
```

This sentence needs to be its own paragraph. This sentence has no connection to the previous part about the token.

## `RENOVATE_X_MERGE_CONFIDENCE_API_BASE_URL`

If set, Renovate will query this API for Merge Confidence data.

> If using Mend Renovate Enterprise and a static merge confidence token that you set via `MEND_RNV_MC_TOKEN` (or set `MEND_RNV_MC_TOKEN` to `auto`), you will need to set this variable at the server as well as the workers, if you have specified the token as a [match confidence](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#matchconfidence) `hostRule`, you will only need to set this variable at the workers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you use Mend Renovate Enterprise and:

- have a static merge confidence token that you set via `MEND_RNV_MC_TOKEN`
- _or_ set `MEND_RNV_MC_TOKEN` to `auto`

Then you must set this variable at the _server_ and the _workers_.

But if you have specified the token as a [`matchConfidence`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#matchconfidence) `hostRule`, you only need to set this variable at the _workers_.
```

Changes:

- use a list to split complex clauses
- _emphasize_ the key differences
- apply code styling for the `matchConfidence` config option name
- use the word must to indicate requirements

I'll let a maintainer check the content for technical accuracy.

The link to the doc should be changed to a relative link, I think.
